Improve "what came before" page (#49)
advice-animal/ick: docs/concepts/what_came_before.md

# What Came Before

> This is not the first tool to examine and modify source code -- these have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ick is not the first tool to examine and modify source code -- these have
```

existed since the beginning of (unix)time, and there are several successful
ones that we drew inspiration from (and either still use ourselves for other
uses, or use _within_ an `ick` rule).

> They're all good at something, while `ick` is good at orchestration and tries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All of the tools mentioned here are good at something. `ick` is good at orchestration and tries
```
